Add a Galactic release note about printing raw data. (#1551)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Releases/Release-Galactic-Geochelone.rst

.. image:: rviz2-time-panel-2021-05-17.png

ros2 topic echo can print serialized data
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> When debugging networking issues, it can be useful to see the raw serialized data that the RMW backend is sending over the wire.

Reviewer: @clalancette nit: 
```suggestion
When debugging middleware issues, it can be useful to see the raw serialized data that the RMW is sending.
```
to avoid talking about networks and wires.

Author: Absolutely, good idea.  I've taken your suggestion as-is.
